---
title: <center>Organization</center>
excerpt: "Organization"
sitemap: false
permalink: /organization/
---

------

# Organizing Committee (Alphabetical Order)

**Douglas Burdick** is a Research Staff Member at IBM Research - Almaden
currently working on the application of AI and machine learning to
document understanding, which includes table extraction and
understanding in addition to inferring document structure. His
document understanding work is incorporated into the IBM Watson
Compare & Comply and IBM Watson Discovery products. His other research
focuses on the creation of financial knowledge graphs from
unstructured data sources such as regulatory filings and analyst
reports, which includes interpretation of tabular data from these
documents. He has contributed to Apache SystemML and OpenII data
integration toolkit, and co-organizes the DSMM workshop series
(co-located with SIGMOD). He received his PhD in Computer Science from
the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 

------

**Dave Lewis** is an Executive Vice President for AI Research,
Development, and Ethics at Reveal-Brainspace. Prior to joining
Brainspace, he was variously a freelance consultant, corporate
researcher (Bell Labs, AT&T Labs), research professor, and software
company co-founder. Dave has published more than 40 peer-reviewed
scientific publications and 9 patents. He was elected a Fellow of the
American Association for Advancement of Science in 2006 for
foundational work in text categorization, and won a Test of Time Award
from ACM SIGIR in 2017 for his paper w/ Gale introducing uncertainty
sampling.

------

**Yijuan (Lucy) Lu** is a Principal Scientist at Microsoft Azure AI where she worked on invoice understanding, OCR core engine, and video understanding in the recent two years. Prior to joining Microsoft, she was an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at Texas State University. Her major publications appear in leading publication venues in multimedia and computer vision research.  She was the First Place Winner in many challenging retrieval competitions in Eurographics for many years. She received 2015 Texas State Presidential Distinction Award and 2014 College Achievement Award. She also received the Best Paper award from ICME 2013 and ICIMCS 2012. She has obtained many competitive external grants from NSF, US Army, US Department of Defense and Texas Department of Transportation.

------

**Hamid Motahari** is an Honorary Professor of Computer Science at
Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia. Prior to this, he was the
Head of AI Science at the EY AI Lab in California where he was leading
a team of AI scientists in text and document understanding. Prior to
EY, Hamid served as the Research Lead for AI & Cognitive Solutions at
IBM Research, and has been a member of IBM Academy of Technology. He
is a Senior Member of IEEE and has published 100+ scholarly papers in
various conferences in AI, Web, IT Services, and IEEE/ACM journals.
Hamid has chaired and organized various academic conferences and
workshops in the past IEEE, ACM, AAAI and INFORMS conferences,
including he has served as Technical Program Committee (TPC) Chair of
the 1st Workshop on Document Intelligence at NeurIPS 2019.

------

**Sandeep Tata** is a Software Engineer at Google Research and leads a
research group on information extraction.  Sandeep has published
dozens of peer-reviewed research articles across a variety of
disciplines including data management, data mining, natural language
processing, and information extraction. Sandeep’s research work has
impacted billions of people through research-focused enhancements to
products like Google Drive, Gmail, and Google Assistant. He has served
on the program committees for VLDB, ICDE, CIKM, and as a senior
program committee member for KDD. He served on the organizing
committee for WSDM 2016. Prior to Google Research, Sandeep was a
Research Staff Member at IBM’s Almaden Research Center. He has a PhD
from the University of Michigan.

------
# Program Committee Chair/Main Contact

**Benjamin Han** is the Principal Science Manager leading the research
and development of the natural language services on **Microsoft Azure
Cognitive Services**. His current focus is to democratize the
state-of-the-art NLP research to serve customers at scale. His
research interests include language detection, key phrase extraction,
sentiment analysis, named entity recognition, entity linking,
coreference resolution, relation extraction, knowledge base
construction, summarization, and question answering. During his time
at Microsoft he has been a Principal Scientist in Satori (knowledge
graph) and Bot Framework (conversational AI). Before that he was a
Research Staff Member in the Multilingual NLP Technologies group at
IBM TJ Watson Research Center for over a decade, working on all stages
of information extraction technologies that power products such as IBM
Watson Knowledge Studio and Watson NLU. He had participated in many
government organized projects/competitions such as TREC, RADAR, ACE,
GALE and TACKBP, published in conferences such as ICME, ICoS, NAACL,
IJCAI, AAAI and SIGIR, and organized the Knowledge Graph tutorial in
KDD 2018.

